asin	reviewText	reviewerID	sentences	numSentences
B00EK6MIQO	ive bought 200 of these for resale at venezuela, let me start off by saying the seller is honest, the product is good and the packaging is really good and better than i expected, of the 200 hundred only one came doa, thats a 0.5% of failure rate which i'm sure the seller would replace if i asked him to, but its cheaper for me to just trow it away than it is to ship it back and get it replaced,it can charge an iphone 5 around 120- 130% on a full charge and an htc one (m7) around 100%, the led light is superb.would recommend to anybody with a smartphone.	A1ZE314LJIX1VM	"[""ive bought 200 of these for resale at venezuela, let me start off by saying the seller is honest, the product is good and the packaging is really good and better than i expected, of the 200 hundred only one came doa, thats a 0.5% of failure rate which i'm sure the seller would replace if i asked him to, but its cheaper for me to just trow it away than it is to ship it back and get it replaced,it can charge an iphone 5 around 120- 130% on a full charge and an htc one (m7) around 100%, the led light is superb.would recommend to anybody with a smartphone.""]"	1
B006R1RU7W	bought this for my husband since the last one he had fell off repeatedly almost losing the phone altogether.  this one has a very stiff clip on the back, which is what we wanted to keep it from falling off his belt.  and, it has 2 leather loops on either side of the center clip so you can slide the belt through all 3.  it's not coming off, no way.  the loops however are not really wide.  will accommodate more of a slender width belt.  my husband wears work jeans everyday with a wider belt, so he only uses the clip.  so far it works fine.  the flap is magnetized and is pretty secure.  he likes it.	AMGN7ZUA2N2HW	"['bought this for my husband since the last one he had fell off repeatedly almost losing the phone altogether.', 'this one has a very stiff clip on the back, which is what we wanted to keep it from falling off his belt.', ""and, it has 2 leather loops on either side of the center clip so you can slide the belt through all 3.  it's not coming off, no way."", 'the loops however are not really wide.', 'will accommodate more of a slender width belt.', 'my husband wears work jeans everyday with a wider belt, so he only uses the clip.', 'so far it works fine.', 'the flap is magnetized and is pretty secure.', 'he likes it.']"	9
B009LNVTAC	hey ordered these for my friends and they love them. the only downside is when they take it off there phone, sometimes they forget to put it back on...oops	A10S8YW9QIGVS0	['hey ordered these for my friends and they love them.', 'the only downside is when they take it off there phone, sometimes they forget to put it back on...oops']	2
B00D9AREZC	i upgraded to this phone from the samsung galaxy victory. it's definitely is an upgrade. its a lot faster with downloading apps and going on the internet. it has a very nice speaker that is clear and can be turned up pretty loudly for a phone which is nice for listening to music or speaker phone calls. its size, weight, and how thin it is, is very nice as well. it also comes with a nice headset. i would definitely recommend this phone.	A3CN24109VSDH7	"['i upgraded to this phone from the samsung galaxy victory.', ""it's definitely is an upgrade."", 'its a lot faster with downloading apps and going on the internet.', 'it has a very nice speaker that is clear and can be turned up pretty loudly for a phone which is nice for listening to music or speaker phone calls.', 'its size, weight, and how thin it is, is very nice as well.', 'it also comes with a nice headset.', 'i would definitely recommend this phone.']"	7
B0091AEAYM	pretty cool device and inexpensive, i'm using it with a car that has bluetooth, but its voice only. i have the nokia lumia 810 windows phone, so now i can connect to my car to make and receive calls, and simultaneously connect to this device to play music. it will turn off once not connected for a while.	A2Y8D7OG18GERD	"[""pretty cool device and inexpensive, i'm using it with a car that has bluetooth, but its voice only."", 'i have the nokia lumia 810 windows phone, so now i can connect to my car to make and receive calls, and simultaneously connect to this device to play music.', 'it will turn off once not connected for a while.']"	3
